Return a list from the characters 'a', 'b', 'c'.
Return a list from the iterable 'test'.
Add the character 'u' to the end of the list 'vowels'.
Insert the character 'a' to the beginning of the list 'vowels'.
Change the last element of the list 'letters' to 'y'.
Add the elements of the iterable 'cars' to the end of the list 'fruits'.
Remove the first iteration of 'sea' from the list 'airports'.
Delete the third element in the list 'airports'.
Remove and return the last element in the list 'airports'.
Remove and return the first element in the list 'airports'.
Remove all elements from the list 'airports'.
Return the third and fourth elements from the list 'states'.
Return the first three elements from the list 'states'.
Return the last three elements from the list 'states'.
Return a shallow copy of the list 'states'.
Return the number of times the string 'cherry' appears in the list 'fruits'.
Return the position of the first occurrence of the string 'cherry' in the list 'fruits'.
Loop through all countries in the list 'countries' and print each one. Use 'country' as the name of each iteration and print using f-strings. Write your answer in a single line.
Loop through the first two elements in the list 'countries' and print each one.  Use 'country' as the name of each iteration and print using f-strings. Write your answer in a single line.
Return a copy of the list 'vowels' in ascending sorted order.
Return a copy of the list 'vowels' in descending sorted order.
Sort the list 'vowels' in ascending order.
Sort the list 'vowels' in descending order.
Reverse the order of the elements in the list 'vowels'.
Create a list of numbers from 0 to 4 using the 'range' function.
Create a list of numbers from 1 to 9 skipping every even number.
Using list comprehension, create a list with the powers of 10 from 1 to 10000. Use 'exp' as the name of the exponent.
Using list comprehension, create a list with lowercase names of the elements in 'states'. Use 'state' as the name of each iteration.
