Import the math library.
Using the math library, round up a float called 'num'.
Using the math library, round down a float called 'num'.
Using the math library, return the number of ways to choose 'k' items from 'n' items without repetition or order.
Using the math library, return the factorial of 'num'.
Using the math library, return the greatest common divisor of 8 and 12.
Using the math library, check if the values 'a' and 'b' are close to each other.
Using the math library, check if the number 'num' is finite.
Using the math library, check if 'num' is positive or negative infinity.
Using the math library, check if 'x' is not a number.
Using the math library, return the least common multiple of 8 and 12.
Using the math library, return the number of ways to choose 'k' items from 'n' items without repetition and with order.
Using the math library, calculate the product of all the elements in the iterable 'nums'.
Using the math library, return e raised to the power of 'x'.
Using the math library, return the natural logarithm of 'x'.
Using the math library, return the base-10 logarithm of 'x'.
Using the math library, return 'x' to the power of 'y'.
Using the math library, return the square root of 'x'.
Using the math library, return the cube root of 'x'.
Using the math library, return the cosine of 'x' radians.
Using the math library, return the sine of 'x' radians.
Using the math library, return the tangent of 'x' radians.
Using the math library, return the arc cosine of 'x', in radians.
Using the math library, return the arc sine of 'x', in radians.
Using the math library, return the arc tangent of 'x', in radians.
Using the math library, return the Euclidean distance between two points 'p' and 'q'.
Using the math library, convert angle 'x' from radians to degrees.
Using the math library, convert angle 'x' from degrees to radians.
Using the math library, return the mathematical constant pi.
Using the math library, return the mathematical constant e.
Using the math library, return the mathematical constant tau.
Using the math library, return positive infinity.
Using the math library, return negative infinity.
Using the math library, return 'not-a-number'.
